# Applications of Probabilistic Programming to Scene Understanding

# What is the story?

We started with existential doubt, running simple MCMC chains on a generative
model containing an in-the-loop renderer. We demonstrated how this model can
integrate symbolic knowledge with data to

We realized there were difficulties in traversing the local minima in the rich
likelihood landscape generated by a renderer, and so changed the goal to
modeling the behavior of a black-box detector that produces potentially noisy
and unstructured estimates of object poses.

This allows for much more robust pose estimation, and replaces the problem of
developing a full generative model

(Neural techniques are becoming increasingly better at recognizing)

Main work:
* Drift MCMC + RJMCMC to track objects, and infer posterior distributions over
  the structured scene graph representation.
* Partial progress (?) Specifically modeling and filtering noisy neural detections

# Introduction

# Bayesian Approaches to Computer Vision

TODO: Lit review on 

# Symbolic Programming for Bayesian Inference

Using existential doubt as a working example, we demonstrate the capacity of
symbolic generative models to integrate common-sense knowledge into predictive
systems.

FIGURE: existential doubt

# Intractibility of Rich Likelihoods

We demonstrate that the likelihood landscape generated by the robust rendering
likelihood contains many local minima, and how this leads to intractability
concerns of when using uninformed MCMC proposals.

FIGURE: Plot demonstrating the ill-behaved aspects of the posterior based on a
rendering-based likelihood with multiple objects.

This motivates the development of a new neuro-symbolic model, based instead on
an error-corrective approach, that seeks to model the outputs of a neural
detector as noisy measurements of a latent abstract scene representation called
a scene graph.

# Scene Graphs as Scene Representations

FIGURE: Ben's figure representing scene graphs

# Modeling

* Scene graph prior

* Dynamics
    * Parameters
    * Structure

# Inference
* Reversible jump MCMC for structure moves
* Data-driven proposals for floating and sliding parameters
* Gaussian kernels for pose refinement
