# Abstract motivation

At the highest level, the notebook serves as a bridge between bottom-up process
and top-down planning and goals. Each direction of information flow is
important:
1) Top -> Bottom: Allows useful top-down structuring of activities by
   formulating daily activities in reference to abstract goals. If the plans
   and goals are well-made, entries will likely heavily reference them, with
   small amounts of additional unpredicted information.
2) Bottom -> Top: Provides feedback on the planning and goals. If the plans and
   goals are poorly-made, entries may reference them only abstractly, and
   require large amounts of additional information to talk about unexpected
   challenges.
   
   
# Workflow
   
## Weekly


## Daily

Daily documentation starts immediately in the morning with a recapture of
important context from the previous day or week, setting the stage for work
that will be done that day. This is solidly grounded in how it relates towards
completing the larger goal/milestone, ideally with a reference to the specific
deliverables from that goal that can be achieved during the day.

After specifying goals, prospective tasks are laid out, in a logical plan that
carefully considers pre-planned daily activities. This primarily consists of
meetings, which destabilize focus, and often reorient plans and goals. Hard
technical work is best done in unbroken stretches of time, whereas logistical
and collaborative tasks are best done in proximity to meetings.

To optimize the granularity of daily plans, observe how often I go back to
check off tasks. If I go back too infrequently it's either a sign that the plan
is potentially too vague to be useful, or contains too much detail that could
be figured out on the fly as part of a higher-level task.

At the end of the day, I will reflect on what happened during the day,
considering which tasks were completed and which were left unfinished. Links to
results, examples, error messages, or visualizations are excellent grounding
points for describing the progress made during the day. The review considers
how tasks were able to make progress for the next goal. Finally, it includes a
brief overview of what work seems to make sense for tomorrow.

### Note

Crucially, I should strive to focus on presenting the information in a way that
is interpretable to an external audience, and think if I need help from
anybody. This means presenting deliverables as visualizations or blobs of code
that can be understood in isolation. Doing this ensures that I've boiled down
the daily activities to the core components that are relevant to the
higher-level goals.
