# Daily Goals

[Yesterday](03-09-2020) I completed the implementation of the multi-particle visualization,
as defined by deliverable [(3.6)](Overlay SceneGraphs on Camera Image#Deliverables.md). This completes the [integration](Overlay SceneGraphs on Camera Image), pending Ben's
PR reviews. Since he's on vacation until next week, today marks a good spot to
make a simple set of Jupyter notebook demos that leverage the existing infrastructure.

These won't have to be super complex, mostly copying the set of test cases and
simplifying them to demonstrate a variety of use cases with the visualization.
The focus is on simplicity and interpretability to the Cora team, to help them
immediately see how they can integrate the visualization into their workflow.

# Prospective Tasks

* [X] Set up Jupyter notebook workflow with the Cora container
* [X] Copy and simplify the dynamic test scene into an example notebook. Start
      with a creating a single initial scene graph.
* [X] Display `overlaySceneGraph` inline (potentially requires extra implementation)
* [X] Demo 1 - Static Scene, Single Scene Graph
    * [X] Display inline the first scene graph overlay, using default whitelist
    * [X] Display inline the first scene graph, extending whitelist to include [`:green`, `:red`]
    * [X] Display inline the first scene graph, extending cmap to include custom
          colors for [`:green`, `:red`]
* [X] Demo 2 - Dynamic Scene, Single Scene Graph
    * [X] Unroll a sequence of scene graphs, slowly lifting `:bleachCleanser`
    * [X] Display inline the sequence of scene graphs
* [X] Demo 3 - Dynamic Scene, Multiple Scene Graphs
    * [X] For each scene graph, make 10 copies, with each version perturbed
    * [X] Display inline a single perturbed particle's video (should be really noisy)
    * [X] Display inline the aggregated particle's video (should be much more stable)
* [X] Extract final video for single/multi particle into YT links
* [X] Commit and push demos
* [X] Link to videos and pushed demos in Cora channel

# Daily Reflection

* Love the new vimwiki, it has been huge for productivity and focus. I used to
  keep two sets of notes, one on my local machine and one on Google Drive,
  which felt a bit disintegrated, but this feels very natural and coherent with
  my workflow, and I'm finding I'm using it consistently throughout the day.
